---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "geoserver_gwc_disk_quota Resource - terraform-provider-geoserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage GeoWebCache Disk Quota Policy. The policy is a singleton so Create is similar to Update and Delete has no effect. There is a bug on the GWC REST API which prevents reading the existing configuration
---

# geoserver_gwc_disk_quota (Resource)

Manage GeoWebCache Disk Quota Policy. The policy is a singleton so Create is similar to Update and Delete has no effect. There is a bug on the GWC REST API which prevents reading the existing configuration



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cache_cleanup_frequency` (Number) Duration to wait between each cleanup execution. Unit depends on cache_cleanup_units
- `cache_cleanup_units` (String) Time unit used to express cleanup frequency. Authorized values are : SECONDS, MINUTES, HOURS, DAYS
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the disk quota mechanism enabled? Default is false.
- `global_expiration_policy_name` (String) Policy to use when tiles have to be removed. Authorized values are : LRU, LFU
- `global_quota_units` (String) The type of unit quantified by value. Authorized values are : B, KiB, MiB, GiB, TiB
- `global_quota_value` (Number) Numeric value for global quota.
- `maximum_concurrent_cleanup` (Number) The amount of threads to use when processing the disk quota

### Optional

- `layer_quota` (Block Set) The disk quota to apply for a given layer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--layer_quota))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--layer_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `layer_quota`

Required:

- `expiration_policy_name` (String) Policy to use when tiles have to be removed. Authorized values are : LRU, LFU
- `layer` (String)
- `quota_units` (String) The type of unit quantified by value. Authorized values are : B, KiB, MiB, GiB, TiB
- `quota_value` (Number) Numeric value for layer quota.


