---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "geoserver_service_wms Resource - terraform-provider-geoserver"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage global WMS configuration. The configuration is a singleton so Create is similar to Update and Delete has no effect.
---

# geoserver_service_wms (Resource)

Manage global WMS configuration. The configuration is a singleton so Create is similar to Update and Delete has no effect.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the WMS service enabled?

### Optional

- `abstract` (String) Description of the service
- `access_constraints` (String) Specific access constraints of the service
- `cache_maximum_entries` (Number)
- `cache_maximum_entry_size` (Number)
- `fees` (String) Fee details for the service
- `interpolation` (String) Interpolation strategy. Authorized values are : Nearest, Bilinear, Bicubic
- `is_autoescape_templatevalues_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_cache_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_cite_compliant` (Boolean) Status of service CITE compliance
- `is_default_group_style_enabled` (Boolean)
- `is_dynamic_styling_disabled` (Boolean) status of dynamic styling (SLD and SLD_BODY params) allowance
- `is_features_reprojection_disabled` (Boolean)
- `is_getfeatureinfo_mimetype_checking_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if getFeatureInfo MIME type checking is enabled
- `is_getmap_mimetype_checking_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if getMap MIME type checking is enabled.
- `is_transform_feature_info_disabled` (Boolean)
- `is_verbose` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the service should be verbose or not
- `keywords` (List of String)
- `maintainer` (String) Maintainer of the service
- `maximum_buffer` (Number) Maximum search radius for GetFeatureInfo
- `maximum_rendering_errors` (Number) Max number of rendering errors that will be tolerated before stating the rendering operation failed by throwing a service exception back to the client
- `maximum_rendering_time` (Number) Max time, in seconds, a WMS request is allowed to spend rendering the map. Various output formats will do a best effort to respect it (raster formats, for example, will account just rendering time, but not image encoding time).
- `maximum_request_memory` (Number) Max amount of memory, in kilobytes, that each WMS request can allocate (each output format will make a best effort attempt to respect it, but there are no guarantees). 0 indicates no limit.
- `maximum_requested_dimension_values` (Number)
- `metadata` (Map of String)
- `online_resource` (String) Additional online resources about the service
- `remote_style_max_request_time` (Number)
- `remote_style_timeout` (Number)
- `root_layer_title` (String)
- `schema_base_url` (String) The base url for the schemas describing the service.
- `supported_versions` (List of String) The versions of the service that are available.
- `title` (String) Title of the service
- `use_bbox_foreach_crs` (Boolean) Flag indicating if watermarking is enabled
- `watermark_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating if watermarking is enabled
- `watermark_position` (String) Position of the watermark. Authorized values are : TOP_LEFT, TOP_CENTER, TOP_RIGHT, MID_LEFT, MID_CENTER, MID_RIGHT, BOT_LEFT, BOT_CENTER, BOT_RIGHT
- `watermark_transparency` (Number) The transparency of the watermark logo, ranging from 0 to 255
- `workspace_name` (String) Name of the workspace owning the style. Used to compute the id of the resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


